# AWS-hyper-terminal-dashboard
The django based project that I worked on for my NIOT internship. Its not perfect by any means or could even be considered trash or a mistake. But hey I'm a mistake as well :) This program helps the user connect and work with AWS's data in 3 different modes. (I'll try to explain more in README)

So there was supposed to be 3 modes but due to some technical issues the AWS system stopped working and I had to improvise. The program can display the data in 3 modes but the gprs mode will only display data when connected through serialport and will display the folders of the directory when accessed through the FTP mode. I have included an option at the start of the program after all the imports, It says use_ftp = True and if its true it'll work with the ftp communication and display a login page to the user and they can enter the ip, username and password but I had to hardcode the directory part but you could change it if you try to use this program. if it says use_ftp = False it will work with the serial communication mode. To use the serial mode you gotta connect the aws with your system through the right usb port of your laptop or com3 ( yes I had to hardcode the com port as well but its easy to change) the program will check every second for data input and display the data when the transmission happens (I tried to use the exact time for the transmission but if there is any delay the program doesn't display the data). Finally I have converted the GPRS mode to display the serial mode's data but I have turned the gprs's code into comment lines for anyone who wants to work and develop the program. I hope you forgive me for even thinking about posting this garbage. I mean its garbage cause its not optimal and needs a lot of work to turn it into an average quality. And thank you for reading this :D
